Applications: nrf_desktop: Add subscriber event (#13451)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * The new :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` event for subscribing different subscriber to

Author: Done

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * The new :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` for adding a different subscriber to

Author: Done

    The ``CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE`` Kconfig option is deprecated and a dedicated API needs to be used instead.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_watchdog` to use ``watchdog0`` DTS alias instead of ``wdt`` DTS node label.
    Using the alias makes the configuration of the module more flexible.

>   * Replaced the ``usb_hid_event`` with the :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event`.

Author: Ok, I updated doc

>   * Removed the USB HID event which is replaced by the c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Replaced the ``usb_hid_event`` with the c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event`.
```

Author: Done

    The ``CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE`` Kconfig option is deprecated and a dedicated API needs to be used instead.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_watchdog` to use ``watchdog0`` DTS alias instead of ``wdt`` DTS node label.
    Using the alias makes the configuration of the module more flexible.

>   * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_state` uses a newly introduced :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` to handle HID data subscribers connection and disconnection.

Author: Done

>     The :c:struct:`ble_peer_event` and ``usb_hid_event`` are no longer used for this purpose.

Author: Yes, we should. Done
